docs/installation-android.md, before:

# Android Installation

!> Make sure you are using **react-native** version >= 0.43. We also recommend using npm version >= 3

1. Install `react-native-navigation` latest stable version.

	```sh
	yarn add react-native-navigation@latest
	```

2. Add the following in `android/settings.gradle`.

	```groovy
	include ':react-native-navigation'
	project(':react-native-navigation').projectDir = new File(rootProject.projectDir, '../node_modules/react-native-navigation/android/app/')
	```

3. Update project dependencies in `android/app/build.gradle`.
	```groovy
	android {
		compileSdkVersion 25
		buildToolsVersion "25.0.1"
		...
	}

	dependencies {
		compile fileTree(dir: "libs", include: ["*.jar"])
		compile "com.android.support:appcompat-v7:23.0.1"
		compile "com.facebook.react:react-native:+"
		compile project(':react-native-navigation')
	}
	```

4. In `MainActivity.java` it should extend `com.reactnativenavigation.controllers.SplashActivity` instead of `ReactActivity`.

	This file can be located in `android/app/src/main/java/com/yourproject/`.

	```java
	import com.reactnativenavigation.controllers.SplashActivity;

	public class MainActivity extends SplashActivity {

	}
	```

	If you have any **react-native** related methods, you can safely delete them.

5. In `MainApplication.java`, add the following
	```java
	import com.reactnativenavigation.NavigationApplication;

	public class MainApplication extends NavigationApplication {

		@Override
		public boolean isDebug() {
			// Make sure you are using BuildConfig from your own application
			return BuildConfig.DEBUG;
		}

		protected List<ReactPackage> getPackages() {
			// Add additional packages you require here
			// No need to add RnnPackage and MainReactPackage
			return Arrays.<ReactPackage>asList(
				// eg. new VectorIconsPackage()
			);
		}

		@Override
		public List<ReactPackage> createAdditionalReactPackages() {
			return getPackages();
		}
	}
	```

	Make sure that `isDebug` and `createAdditionalReactPackages` methods are implemented.

6. Update `AndroidManifest.xml` and set **android:name** value to `.MainApplication`
	```xml
	<application
		android:name=".MainApplication"
		...
	/>
	```

Commit message:

Document how to use index.js as entry point (#2412)
* Document how to use index.js as entry point (ios)

* android too

* android too (fixed)

docs/installation-android.md, after:

# Android Installation

!> Make sure you are using **react-native** version >= 0.43. We also recommend using npm version >= 3

1. Install `react-native-navigation` latest stable version.

	```sh
	yarn add react-native-navigation@latest
	```

2. Add the following in `android/settings.gradle`.

	```groovy
	include ':react-native-navigation'
	project(':react-native-navigation').projectDir = new File(rootProject.projectDir, '../node_modules/react-native-navigation/android/app/')
	```

3. Update project dependencies in `android/app/build.gradle`.
	```groovy
	android {
		compileSdkVersion 25
		buildToolsVersion "25.0.1"
		...
	}

	dependencies {
		compile fileTree(dir: "libs", include: ["*.jar"])
		compile "com.android.support:appcompat-v7:23.0.1"
		compile "com.facebook.react:react-native:+"
		compile project(':react-native-navigation')
	}
	```

4. In `MainActivity.java` it should extend `com.reactnativenavigation.controllers.SplashActivity` instead of `ReactActivity`.

	This file can be located in `android/app/src/main/java/com/yourproject/`.

	```java
	import com.reactnativenavigation.controllers.SplashActivity;

	public class MainActivity extends SplashActivity {

	}
	```

	If you have any **react-native** related methods, you can safely delete them.

5. In `MainApplication.java`, add the following
	```java
	import com.reactnativenavigation.NavigationApplication;

	public class MainApplication extends NavigationApplication {

		@Override
		public boolean isDebug() {
			// Make sure you are using BuildConfig from your own application
			return BuildConfig.DEBUG;
		}

		protected List<ReactPackage> getPackages() {
			// Add additional packages you require here
			// No need to add RnnPackage and MainReactPackage
			return Arrays.<ReactPackage>asList(
				// eg. new VectorIconsPackage()
			);
		}

		@Override
		public List<ReactPackage> createAdditionalReactPackages() {
			return getPackages();
		}
	}
	```

	Also, add the following

   ```java
   @Override
   public String getJSMainModuleName() {
   	return "index";
   }
   ```

   if you are using `index.js` as your entry point instead of `index.ios.js` and `index.android.js` (it is the default since React Native 0.49).

	Make sure that `isDebug` and `createAdditionalReactPackages` methods are implemented.

6. Update `AndroidManifest.xml` and set **android:name** value to `.MainApplication`
	```xml
	<application
		android:name=".MainApplication"
		...
	/>
	```
