docs/top-level-api.md, before:

# Top Level API

## Navigation

```js
import { Navigation } from 'react-native-navigation';
```

## registerComponent(screenID, generator, store = undefined, Provider = undefined)

Every screen component in your app must be registered with a unique name. The component itself is a traditional React component extending `React.Component`.

```js
// not using redux (just ignore the last 2 arguments)
Navigation.registerComponent('example.FirstTabScreen', () => FirstTabScreen);

// using redux, pass your store and the Provider object from react-redux
Navigation.registerComponent(
  'example.FirstTabScreen',
  () => FirstTabScreen,
  store,
  Provider
);
```

## startTabBasedApp(params)

Change your app root into an app based on several tabs (usually 2-5), a very common pattern in iOS (like Facebook app or the iOS Contacts app). Every tab has its own navigation stack with a native nav bar.

```js
Navigation.startTabBasedApp({
  tabs: [
    {
      label: 'One', // tab label as appears under the icon in iOS (optional)
      screen: 'example.FirstTabScreen', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      icon: require('../img/one.png'), // local image asset for the tab icon unselected state (optional on iOS)
      selectedIcon: require('../img/one_selected.png'), // local image asset for the tab icon selected state (optional, iOS only. On Android, Use `tabBarSelectedButtonColor` instead)
      iconInsets: { // add this to change icon position (optional, iOS only).
        top: 6, // optional, default is 0.
        left: 0, // optional, default is 0.
        bottom: -6, // optional, default is 0.
        right: 0 // optional, default is 0.
      },
      title: 'Screen One', // title of the screen as appears in the nav bar (optional)
      titleImage: require('../img/titleImage.png'), // iOS only. navigation bar title image instead of the title text of the pushed screen (optional)
      navigatorStyle: {}, // override the navigator style for the tab screen, see "Styling the navigator" below (optional),
      navigatorButtons: {} // override the nav buttons for the tab screen, see "Adding buttons to the navigator" below (optional)
    },
    {
      label: 'Two',
      screen: 'example.SecondTabScreen',
      icon: require('../img/two.png'),
      selectedIcon: require('../img/two_selected.png'),
      title: 'Screen Two'
    }
  ],
  tabsStyle: { // optional, add this if you want to style the tab bar beyond the defaults
    tabBarButtonColor: '#ffff00', // optional, change the color of the tab icons and text (also unselected). On Android, add this to appStyle
    tabBarSelectedButtonColor: '#ff9900', // optional, change the color of the selected tab icon and text (only selected). On Android, add this to appStyle
    tabBarBackgroundColor: '#551A8B', // optional, change the background color of the tab bar
    initialTabIndex: 1, // optional, the default selected bottom tab. Default: 0. On Android, add this to appStyle
  },
  appStyle: {
    orientation: 'portrait', // Sets a specific orientation to the entire app. Default: 'auto'. Supported values: 'auto', 'landscape', 'portrait'
    bottomTabBadgeTextColor: 'red', // Optional, change badge text color. Android only
    bottomTabBadgeBackgroundColor: 'green', // Optional, change badge background color. Android only
    backButtonImage: require('./pathToImage.png') // Change the back button default arrow image with provided image. iOS only
    hideBackButtonTitle: true/false // Hide back button title. Default is false. If `backButtonTitle` provided so it will take into account and the `backButtonTitle` value will show. iOS only
  },
  drawer: { // optional, add this if you want a side menu drawer in your app
    left: { // optional, define if you want a drawer from the left
      screen: 'example.FirstSideMenu', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional),
      fixedWidth: 500, // a fixed width you want your left drawer to have (optional)
    },
    right: { // optional, define if you want a drawer from the right
      screen: 'example.SecondSideMenu', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
      fixedWidth: 500, // a fixed width you want your right drawer to have (optional)
    },
    style: { // ( iOS only )
      drawerShadow: true, // optional, add this if you want a side menu drawer shadow
      contentOverlayColor: 'rgba(0,0,0,0.25)', // optional, add this if you want a overlay color when drawer is open
      leftDrawerWidth: 50, // optional, add this if you want a define left drawer width (50=percent)
      rightDrawerWidth: 50, // optional, add this if you want a define right drawer width (50=percent)
      shouldStretchDrawer: true // optional, iOS only with 'MMDrawer' type, whether or not the panning gesture will “hard-stop” at the maximum width for a given drawer side, default : true
    },
    type: 'MMDrawer', // optional, iOS only, types: 'TheSideBar', 'MMDrawer' default: 'MMDrawer'
    animationType: 'door', //optional, iOS only, for MMDrawer: 'door', 'parallax', 'slide', 'slide-and-scale'
                                        // for TheSideBar: 'airbnb', 'facebook', 'luvocracy','wunder-list'
    disableOpenGesture: false // optional, can the drawer be opened with a swipe instead of button
  },
  passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
  animationType: 'slide-down' // optional, add transition animation to root change: 'none', 'slide-down', 'fade'
});
```

## startSingleScreenApp(params)

Change your app root into an app based on a single screen (like the iOS Calendar or Settings app). The screen will receive its own navigation stack with a native nav bar

```js
Navigation.startSingleScreenApp({
  screen: {
    screen: 'example.WelcomeScreen', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
    title: 'Welcome', // title of the screen as appears in the nav bar (optional)
    navigatorStyle: {}, // override the navigator style for the screen, see "Styling the navigator" below (optional)
    navigatorButtons: {} // override the nav buttons for the screen, see "Adding buttons to the navigator" below (optional)
  },
  drawer: {
    // optional, add this if you want a side menu drawer in your app
    left: {
      // optional, define if you want a drawer from the left
      screen: 'example.FirstSideMenu', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
      disableOpenGesture: false, // can the drawer be opened with a swipe instead of button (optional, Android only)
      fixedWidth: 500 // a fixed width you want your left drawer to have (optional)
    },
    right: {
      // optional, define if you want a drawer from the right
      screen: 'example.SecondSideMenu', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
      disableOpenGesture: false, // can the drawer be opened with a swipe instead of button (optional, Android only)
      fixedWidth: 500 // a fixed width you want your right drawer to have (optional)
    },
    style: {
      // ( iOS only )
      drawerShadow: true, // optional, add this if you want a side menu drawer shadow
      contentOverlayColor: 'rgba(0,0,0,0.25)', // optional, add this if you want a overlay color when drawer is open
      leftDrawerWidth: 50, // optional, add this if you want a define left drawer width (50=percent)
      rightDrawerWidth: 50 // optional, add this if you want a define right drawer width (50=percent)
    },
    type: 'MMDrawer', // optional, iOS only, types: 'TheSideBar', 'MMDrawer' default: 'MMDrawer'
    animationType: 'door', //optional, iOS only, for MMDrawer: 'door', 'parallax', 'slide', 'slide-and-scale'
    // for TheSideBar: 'airbnb', 'facebook', 'luvocracy','wunder-list'
    disableOpenGesture: false // optional, can the drawer, both right and left, be opened with a swipe instead of button
  },
  passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
  animationType: 'slide-down' // optional, add transition animation to root change: 'none', 'slide-down', 'fade'
});
```

## showModal(params = {})

Show a screen as a modal.

```js
Navigation.showModal({
  screen: 'example.ModalScreen', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
  title: 'Modal', // title of the screen as appears in the nav bar (optional)
  passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to the modal (optional)
  navigatorStyle: {}, // override the navigator style for the screen, see "Styling the navigator" below (optional)
  navigatorButtons: {}, // override the nav buttons for the screen, see "Adding buttons to the navigator" below (optional)
  animationType: 'slide-up' // 'none' / 'slide-up' , appear animation for the modal (optional, default 'slide-up')
});
```

## dismissModal(params = {})

Dismiss the current modal.

```js
Navigation.dismissModal({
  animationType: 'slide-down' // 'none' / 'slide-down' , dismiss animation for the modal (optional, default 'slide-down')
});
```

## dismissAllModals(params = {})

Dismiss all the current modals at the same time.

```js
Navigation.dismissAllModals({
  animationType: 'slide-down' // 'none' / 'slide-down' , dismiss animation for the modal (optional, default 'slide-down')
});
```

## showLightBox(params = {})

Show a screen as a lightbox.

```js
Navigation.showLightBox({
  screen: 'example.LightBoxScreen', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
  passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to the lightbox (optional)
  style: {
    backgroundBlur: 'dark', // 'dark' / 'light' / 'xlight' / 'none' - the type of blur on the background
    backgroundColor: '#ff000080', // tint color for the background, you can specify alpha here (optional)
    tapBackgroundToDismiss: true // dismisses LightBox on background taps (optional)
  }
});
```

## dismissLightBox()

Dismiss the current lightbox.

```js
Navigation.dismissLightBox();
```

## handleDeepLink(params = {})

Trigger a deep link within the app. See [deep links](https://wix.github.io/react-native-navigation/#/deep-links) for more details about how screens can listen for deep link events.

```js
Navigation.handleDeepLink({
  link: 'link/in/any/format',
  payload: '' // (optional) Extra payload with deep link
});
```

## registerScreen(screenID, generator)

This is an internal function you probably don't want to use directly. If your screen components extend `Screen` directly (`import { Screen } from 'react-native-navigation'`), you can register them directly with `registerScreen` instead of with `registerComponent`. The main benefit of using `registerComponent` is that it wraps your regular screen component with a `Screen` automatically.

```js
Navigation.registerScreen('example.AdvancedScreen', () => AdvancedScreen);
```

## getCurrentlyVisibleScreenId()

In some cases you might need the id of the currently visible screen. This method returns the unique id of the currently visible screen:
`const visibleScreenInstanceId = await Navigation.getCurrentlyVisibleScreenId()`
In order to have any use of this method, you'd need to map instanceId to screens your self.

Commit message:

Support a “modal” prop for tabbed iOS apps (#1578)
* feat: support a “modal” prop for tabbed ios apps

* fix: apply temp fix for react-native-navigation#1502 (#1)

* fix: enable fab icon scaling (#2)

* v1.1.340 [ci skip]

* Update FloatingActionButtonCoordinator.java

* Update top-level-api.md

* Update package.json

docs/top-level-api.md, after:

# Top Level API

## Navigation

```js
import { Navigation } from 'react-native-navigation';
```

## registerComponent(screenID, generator, store = undefined, Provider = undefined)

Every screen component in your app must be registered with a unique name. The component itself is a traditional React component extending `React.Component`.

```js
// not using redux (just ignore the last 2 arguments)
Navigation.registerComponent('example.FirstTabScreen', () => FirstTabScreen);

// using redux, pass your store and the Provider object from react-redux
Navigation.registerComponent(
  'example.FirstTabScreen',
  () => FirstTabScreen,
  store,
  Provider
);
```

## startTabBasedApp(params)

Change your app root into an app based on several tabs (usually 2-5), a very common pattern in iOS (like Facebook app or the iOS Contacts app). Every tab has its own navigation stack with a native nav bar.

```js
Navigation.startTabBasedApp({
  tabs: [
    {
      label: 'One', // tab label as appears under the icon in iOS (optional)
      screen: 'example.FirstTabScreen', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      icon: require('../img/one.png'), // local image asset for the tab icon unselected state (optional on iOS)
      selectedIcon: require('../img/one_selected.png'), // local image asset for the tab icon selected state (optional, iOS only. On Android, Use `tabBarSelectedButtonColor` instead)
      iconInsets: { // add this to change icon position (optional, iOS only).
        top: 6, // optional, default is 0.
        left: 0, // optional, default is 0.
        bottom: -6, // optional, default is 0.
        right: 0 // optional, default is 0.
      },
      title: 'Screen One', // title of the screen as appears in the nav bar (optional)
      titleImage: require('../img/titleImage.png'), // iOS only. navigation bar title image instead of the title text of the pushed screen (optional)
      navigatorStyle: {}, // override the navigator style for the tab screen, see "Styling the navigator" below (optional),
      navigatorButtons: {}, // override the nav buttons for the tab screen, see "Adding buttons to the navigator" below (optional)
      modal: false // Prevent tab selection and send a 'modalTabSelected' navigator event instead (optional, iOS only)
    },
    {
      label: 'Two',
      screen: 'example.SecondTabScreen',
      icon: require('../img/two.png'),
      selectedIcon: require('../img/two_selected.png'),
      title: 'Screen Two'
    }
  ],
  tabsStyle: { // optional, add this if you want to style the tab bar beyond the defaults
    tabBarButtonColor: '#ffff00', // optional, change the color of the tab icons and text (also unselected). On Android, add this to appStyle
    tabBarSelectedButtonColor: '#ff9900', // optional, change the color of the selected tab icon and text (only selected). On Android, add this to appStyle
    tabBarBackgroundColor: '#551A8B', // optional, change the background color of the tab bar
    initialTabIndex: 1, // optional, the default selected bottom tab. Default: 0. On Android, add this to appStyle
  },
  appStyle: {
    orientation: 'portrait', // Sets a specific orientation to the entire app. Default: 'auto'. Supported values: 'auto', 'landscape', 'portrait'
    bottomTabBadgeTextColor: 'red', // Optional, change badge text color. Android only
    bottomTabBadgeBackgroundColor: 'green', // Optional, change badge background color. Android only
    backButtonImage: require('./pathToImage.png') // Change the back button default arrow image with provided image. iOS only
    hideBackButtonTitle: true/false // Hide back button title. Default is false. If `backButtonTitle` provided so it will take into account and the `backButtonTitle` value will show. iOS only
  },
  drawer: { // optional, add this if you want a side menu drawer in your app
    left: { // optional, define if you want a drawer from the left
      screen: 'example.FirstSideMenu', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional),
      fixedWidth: 500, // a fixed width you want your left drawer to have (optional)
    },
    right: { // optional, define if you want a drawer from the right
      screen: 'example.SecondSideMenu', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
      fixedWidth: 500, // a fixed width you want your right drawer to have (optional)
    },
    style: { // ( iOS only )
      drawerShadow: true, // optional, add this if you want a side menu drawer shadow
      contentOverlayColor: 'rgba(0,0,0,0.25)', // optional, add this if you want a overlay color when drawer is open
      leftDrawerWidth: 50, // optional, add this if you want a define left drawer width (50=percent)
      rightDrawerWidth: 50, // optional, add this if you want a define right drawer width (50=percent)
      shouldStretchDrawer: true // optional, iOS only with 'MMDrawer' type, whether or not the panning gesture will “hard-stop” at the maximum width for a given drawer side, default : true
    },
    type: 'MMDrawer', // optional, iOS only, types: 'TheSideBar', 'MMDrawer' default: 'MMDrawer'
    animationType: 'door', //optional, iOS only, for MMDrawer: 'door', 'parallax', 'slide', 'slide-and-scale'
                                        // for TheSideBar: 'airbnb', 'facebook', 'luvocracy','wunder-list'
    disableOpenGesture: false // optional, can the drawer be opened with a swipe instead of button
  },
  passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
  animationType: 'slide-down' // optional, add transition animation to root change: 'none', 'slide-down', 'fade'
});
```

## startSingleScreenApp(params)

Change your app root into an app based on a single screen (like the iOS Calendar or Settings app). The screen will receive its own navigation stack with a native nav bar

```js
Navigation.startSingleScreenApp({
  screen: {
    screen: 'example.WelcomeScreen', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
    title: 'Welcome', // title of the screen as appears in the nav bar (optional)
    navigatorStyle: {}, // override the navigator style for the screen, see "Styling the navigator" below (optional)
    navigatorButtons: {} // override the nav buttons for the screen, see "Adding buttons to the navigator" below (optional)
  },
  drawer: {
    // optional, add this if you want a side menu drawer in your app
    left: {
      // optional, define if you want a drawer from the left
      screen: 'example.FirstSideMenu', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
      disableOpenGesture: false, // can the drawer be opened with a swipe instead of button (optional, Android only)
      fixedWidth: 500 // a fixed width you want your left drawer to have (optional)
    },
    right: {
      // optional, define if you want a drawer from the right
      screen: 'example.SecondSideMenu', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
      passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
      disableOpenGesture: false, // can the drawer be opened with a swipe instead of button (optional, Android only)
      fixedWidth: 500 // a fixed width you want your right drawer to have (optional)
    },
    style: {
      // ( iOS only )
      drawerShadow: true, // optional, add this if you want a side menu drawer shadow
      contentOverlayColor: 'rgba(0,0,0,0.25)', // optional, add this if you want a overlay color when drawer is open
      leftDrawerWidth: 50, // optional, add this if you want a define left drawer width (50=percent)
      rightDrawerWidth: 50 // optional, add this if you want a define right drawer width (50=percent)
    },
    type: 'MMDrawer', // optional, iOS only, types: 'TheSideBar', 'MMDrawer' default: 'MMDrawer'
    animationType: 'door', //optional, iOS only, for MMDrawer: 'door', 'parallax', 'slide', 'slide-and-scale'
    // for TheSideBar: 'airbnb', 'facebook', 'luvocracy','wunder-list'
    disableOpenGesture: false // optional, can the drawer, both right and left, be opened with a swipe instead of button
  },
  passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to all top screens (optional)
  animationType: 'slide-down' // optional, add transition animation to root change: 'none', 'slide-down', 'fade'
});
```

## showModal(params = {})

Show a screen as a modal.

```js
Navigation.showModal({
  screen: 'example.ModalScreen', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
  title: 'Modal', // title of the screen as appears in the nav bar (optional)
  passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to the modal (optional)
  navigatorStyle: {}, // override the navigator style for the screen, see "Styling the navigator" below (optional)
  navigatorButtons: {}, // override the nav buttons for the screen, see "Adding buttons to the navigator" below (optional)
  animationType: 'slide-up' // 'none' / 'slide-up' , appear animation for the modal (optional, default 'slide-up')
});
```

## dismissModal(params = {})

Dismiss the current modal.

```js
Navigation.dismissModal({
  animationType: 'slide-down' // 'none' / 'slide-down' , dismiss animation for the modal (optional, default 'slide-down')
});
```

## dismissAllModals(params = {})

Dismiss all the current modals at the same time.

```js
Navigation.dismissAllModals({
  animationType: 'slide-down' // 'none' / 'slide-down' , dismiss animation for the modal (optional, default 'slide-down')
});
```

## showLightBox(params = {})

Show a screen as a lightbox.

```js
Navigation.showLightBox({
  screen: 'example.LightBoxScreen', // unique ID registered with Navigation.registerScreen
  passProps: {}, // simple serializable object that will pass as props to the lightbox (optional)
  style: {
    backgroundBlur: 'dark', // 'dark' / 'light' / 'xlight' / 'none' - the type of blur on the background
    backgroundColor: '#ff000080', // tint color for the background, you can specify alpha here (optional)
    tapBackgroundToDismiss: true // dismisses LightBox on background taps (optional)
  }
});
```

## dismissLightBox()

Dismiss the current lightbox.

```js
Navigation.dismissLightBox();
```

## handleDeepLink(params = {})

Trigger a deep link within the app. See [deep links](https://wix.github.io/react-native-navigation/#/deep-links) for more details about how screens can listen for deep link events.

```js
Navigation.handleDeepLink({
  link: 'link/in/any/format',
  payload: '' // (optional) Extra payload with deep link
});
```

## registerScreen(screenID, generator)

This is an internal function you probably don't want to use directly. If your screen components extend `Screen` directly (`import { Screen } from 'react-native-navigation'`), you can register them directly with `registerScreen` instead of with `registerComponent`. The main benefit of using `registerComponent` is that it wraps your regular screen component with a `Screen` automatically.

```js
Navigation.registerScreen('example.AdvancedScreen', () => AdvancedScreen);
```

## getCurrentlyVisibleScreenId()

In some cases you might need the id of the currently visible screen. This method returns the unique id of the currently visible screen:
`const visibleScreenInstanceId = await Navigation.getCurrentlyVisibleScreenId()`
In order to have any use of this method, you'd need to map instanceId to screens your self.
